
Many people doubted, you're gonna be able to get this bill passed through the floor. You proved them wrong. You successfully got it through the floor. Two hundred seventeen voting in favor of you. President Biden though says he's only going to meet with you if you separate.

The fiscal spending cuts, the budget with the debt ceiling. So what comes next? Well, I don't know, because it was eighty five days ago, I sat down with the president February first, talking about finding a sensible, responsible way to raise the debt limit and make us less dependent on China curve inflation and bring growth to this economy. And that's exactly what we just did. The president then said, he wasn't gonna meet with me until we showed a plan.

So then I showed him a plan, and then we passed it. You know, the way government works is the house passes the bill, the Senate passes a bill, then you conference together and the president cons sign side whether he signs it or not. The challenge here, the senate done nothing. But but I shouldn't be rude. They did name March main Maple syrup bun.

They did get that done. But they haven't done anything on the debt ceiling and the president has ignored this problem. He's actually putting the economy of America in jeopardy. By not doing anything because only the house has raised the debt limit passed the bill to do that. And at the same time, grow the economy and we did it with ideas that he has voted for work requirements.

He voted for that as a senator. But more importantly, just a couple months ago in Wisconsin, it passed with eighty two percent of the vote. To limit our growth in the future, so government doesn't get out of control. Well, that's an idea from Joe Mansion. We we help the supply chain.

We peel eighty seven thousand Irs agents. We make America energy independent. We cut the red tape, so we could build things again in America. I don't think that's radical and the words that are coming out of the White House that we are gonna melt children's bones. We're gonna create asthma.

There's nothing in the bill that does that. It actually protects veterans. Protects our military makes us curve inflation, but keeps us a stronger pace for the future.